Update guide to v14 code (#1146)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-info/notation.md

![TextChannel#send on the docs](./images/send.png)

> In this piece of the docs, you can see three type signatures, `StringResolvable`, `MessagePayload or MessageOptions`, and `Promise<Message>`. The meaning of the word "or" here is the same as `|`.

Reviewer: The Promise line shouldn't be changed in this way since it signifies the use of `|` keyword

> In this piece of the docs, you can see three type signatures, `StringResolvable`, `MessagePayload or MessageOptions`, and `Promise<(Message|Array<Message>)>`. The meaning of the word "or" here is the same as `|`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this piece of the docs, you can see two type signatures, `string`, `MessagePayload`, or `MessageOptions`, and `Promise<Message>`. The meaning of the word "or" here is the same as `|`.
```
